Update glam docs - part 1 (#856)
mozilla/data-docs: src/datasets/glam.md

- In case of failures in the GLAM ETL this table must be backfilled one day at a time.

#### [`clients_histogram_buckets_counts`](<https://mozilla.acryl.io/dataset/urn:li:dataset:(urn:li:dataPlatform:bigquery,moz-fx-data-shared-prod.telemetry_derived.clients_histogram_bucket_counts_v1,PROD)/Schema?is_lineage_mode=false&schemaFilter=>)

- This process creates wildcards for `os` and `app_build_id`, which are needed for aggregating values across os and build IDs later on.
- It then adds a normalized histogram per client, while keeping a non-normalized histogram.
- Finally, it removes the `client_id` dimension by breaking histograms into key/value pairs and doing the `SUM` all values of the same key for the same metric/os/version/build.

#### [`clients_histogram_probe_counts`](<https://mozilla.acryl.io/dataset/urn:li:dataset:(urn:li:dataPlatform:bigquery,moz-fx-data-shared-prod.telemetry_derived.clients_histogram_probe_counts_v1,PROD)/Schema?is_lineage_mode=false&schemaFilter=>)

> - This process uses the `metric_type` information to pick a specific algorithm to build histograms from the broken down buckets from the previous step. Histograms can be `linear`, `exponential` or `custom`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This process uses the `metric_type` to select the algorithm to build histograms using the broken down buckets from the previous step. Histograms can be `linear`, `exponential` or `custom`.
```
